hey I can't really send them a wedding
gift and I just found out the last
minute that vegan gains and his
girlfriend are getting married the video
is up today so congratulations to them
of course Matt be for them I think
everyone is full of vegan gains for well
feels that his life has you know become
a lot more positive or his outlook on
life has become a lot more positive
since the start of that relationship I
do actually know his girlfriend Jasmine
we chat with in facebook and email and
that kind of thing and Jasmine just
mentioned it in passing I forget I I
told her about something interesting and
she said oh great a look into it after
the wedding but you know we're getting
married next few days I said oh wow okay
my spontaneous reaction to at the time
as I said you know marriage is great
institution it provides you with both
food and sex and any institution that
provides you with both of those things
really deserves your undying loyalty and
I back this up by saying you know one if
there were a library that provided me
not only with books but also with food
and sex I would be the most loyal and
devoted follower of that library so any
institution that provides you with both
food and sex I am pretty much a fan of
Richard I'm happy for you obviously
we've kind of seen you turn over one new
leaf after another and III met Richard
because I criticized them I had some I
think respectful of meaningful
criticisms of his work but i didn't i
didn't really assume we'd ever become
friends I thought we'd end up always
being on opposite sides a vegan activism
of endorsing very different approach to
even but instead to my surprise we
really have become friends which is
great partly because we're both Canadian
so our activism in both cases will
really always be linked it's Canada you
know there was a time when even though
it was a critic of Richard you know kind
of politically within veganism when I
was actually known for defending his
sanity when people really thought that
Richard was insane and partly because my
own background in the theater and park
his mom background in Toronto and my
sense of what's normal for former hockey
players in Toronto no shade I always
felt that tell Richard was actually
psychologically normal
and the people were overlooking the
extent to which he was really portraying
a fictional character he was acting out
sketches and scenes and working with a
script and they were in soom assuming
that he was insane on the basis of his
performance in these fictional scenarios
so you know with that Richard is one
example the other person I stuck up for
that with Sorcha raava and in both cases
years later really people have written
to agree with three different people
have said to me um with Sorcha a couple
months later they said I thought you
were crazy at the time I didn't know why
you were defending Sorcha they were
convinced the Sorcha was an evil idiot
or insane or what have you and they
later realized no sorcerer really was
portraying a fictional character and
there's a gap between what we do on
camera and we are in real life and
likewise with vegan gains people have
sometimes said to me months later or
years later they realized that I'm right
and that they were drying up
psychological conclusions about this guy
on the basis of jokes on the basis of
him acting out scenes and there's a very
obvious sense in which that's either not
who he really is or that's not the whole
of who he really is that's not his whole
character you know of course it's funny
and touching for me vegan gains and his
girlfriend they they got married in
hoodies they got married in matching
hoodies they didn't get dressed up at
all they didn't even wear a suit or what
have you so reminded me of the
informality my own legal wedding but you
know when i had my marriage right by the
legal wedding we did that in france and
neither one of us had any friends in
that part of france so wasn't really a
party like you know that marriage it was
mostly a legal procedure and that we
wanted separately have a party where you
know friends and colleagues would would
be able to attend i remember one of the
things that stood out so we did have a
dinner we did have a dinner afterward
that um was held at a restaurant that
had never heard of veganism that had
never you know never thought about
veganism before but we went and we
talked to them and it was the one
restaurant where the chef confirmed that
yes he could make a vegan wedding cake
and so on the strength of that
recommendation he made a whole vegan
meal for us but the cake was
was crucial and the staff in this
restaurant were just freaked out it was
a high-end fancy restaurant with a
beautiful view of the ocean in France I
didn't find the food particularly
impressive but hey I'm sure that
restaurant always be very successful
just because they have a beautiful view
of the ocean but I remember how all the
waiters were just elated they were just
freaking out they had never seen a vegan
cake before they didn't think this was
possible this is a cake with no eggs no
dairy and it had tropical fruit cut up
on it so we got the experience of
freaking out the entire restaurant with
our vegan way after our own illegal
ceremony so yeah vegan gains it's got to
be one of the most unlikely romances on
YouTube maybe of all time and I think a
lot of us are going to look back at this
and think wow so our list of ultimate
YouTube power couples will now never
happen vegan gains plus Sniper Wolf
could have been the ultimate YouTube
power couple armed vegan gains plus
natalie tran AKA communitychannel she's
in the multi million YouTube photo club
we could have had in a parallel universe
some really hilarious pairings for vegan
gains but no ladies he's off the market